Changelog for substring string search (#2935)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

  - Any cluster that is expected to be unavailable for a period of time (e.g. clusters used in disaster recovery), can be tagged with a customizable label. Clusters with those labels will never be removed automatically.
  - By default, this unhealthy cluster removal is disabled (number of days set to 0)
- ROX-7591: Policy `Fixable CVSS >= 6 and Privileged` disabled by default on new installations, new policy `Severity Important and Privileged` added and enabled by default.

> - Starting 3.73, the default technique used by string expression searches will be substring matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting 3.73, the default technique used by string expression searches will be to match any substrings instead of the prefix.
```

maybe?

Author: I thought about adding prefix case, but then it is actually not true  in all cases from user's perspective.

> - Starting 3.73, the default technique used by string expression searches will be to match any substrings instead of the prefix.

Reviewer 2: this needs to be tied to postgres release because it will not change for bleve, how were we doing that before?

Author: I think we should not state the actual release target and just call it out that this is a future deprecation.

Reviewer: This is assuming that we are shipping postgres in 73 and there's no more bleve. If that changes, we can just add an update to the changelog then, right?

Reviewer 2: Yes, but perhaps we should split out anything that depends on Postgres into a separate block so it's simpler to just remove that block and mark as 73?
